well howdy there internet people is bo
again
so uh tonight we're going to talk about
how things
sometimes don't have the effect that you
believe they're going to have
how it's probably not a good idea to
base a course of action a strategy
on your own propaganda and
how there are two groups in the united
states right now who seem
like they are just completely opposed to
each other
but one group last night
intentionally or not proved everything
that the other side is saying
is true so we're going to talk about
blue flu
sweeping the nation particularly in
atlanta right now
if you don't know this is where cops
engage in work stoppages or slow downs
or they call out
and they do this as a method of
addressing uh
something that they perceive as a wrong
they're trying to draw attention
to something that they believe in their
minds
is an injustice that's where it comes
from that's why they do it
now this happened in atlanta hours after
the cop got arrested that's when it
started so that's the injustice
we're just going to dive into their
mindset for a second okay
the idea is that if they do this the
city will descend into chaos
and the community that they're supposed
to serve will become
victims of crime and therefore they will
just be
overjoyed when law enforcement returns
to full strength
this is basically the government's
version of look at what you made me do
so the idea is to put the community at
risk
in order to get what they want
they're doing this because the criminal
justice system is broke
that's why they're doing it their buddy
got arrested and they think that that's
wrong
so the criminal justice system does not
work
and they're doing it as a show of
solidarity to back each other
even at the expense of innocent lives
those who they are hoping
will become victims you know when the
city
descends into chaos let it burn quote
that's the idea okay
what are the main complaints from the
black lives matter movement
that the criminal justice system is
broke that law enforcement doesn't
actually care about the community
they're
not there to serve the community and
that law enforcement will back each
other at the expense of innocent lives
particularly black ones
congratulations officers you just proved
everything that blm is saying is true
um that this wasn't really well thought
out because
these little timber tantrums these
little stunts have happened before
that's why there's a
acute name for it
the cities never descend into chaos
they never work these little work
stoppages and slow downs they don't
actually produce the results you're
hoping
they will because most people are good
most people don't actually need to be
overpoliced
most people don't need a gun pointed at
their back and they certainly don't need
it fired
the reality is the last time this
happened in any big numbers
the crime rates went down that's what
happened
people were able to breathe a little
easier
um it didn't have the effect that you
think thought it was going to
and that's what's going to happen here
it's what always happens
the propaganda you push isn't true and
you need to be aware of that
as you're walking into the negotiating
of
reforming the entire culture of law
enforcement you should be aware of that
what you have told everybody isn't
accurate
but you've told everybody it for so long
that you believe it to be true
now if you uh want to be very clear i'm
not against this
i'm not against i'm not against the blue
flu i'm not against these work stoppages
and slowdowns i think they need to
happen
in any department where this seems like
a good idea
if the culture in your department is
like yes we're going to stop and hope
that the city falls apart and people
become victims of crime
by all means do it please
seriously this isn't a joke do it
because what we're working towards now
is restructuring
all of law enforcement defunding
right you've heard that what we learned
last night in atlanta is that every cop
who engaged in the slowdown
every cop who didn't show up every cop
who played little games on the radio
all of this stuff none of them are
needed those positions
can be defunded the city didn't descend
into chaos
even with the even with the idea of
pushing it out there as a story
and letting everybody know hey the
community's not defended
the thin blue line isn't out there
protecting everybody
it really didn't go crazy did it not
really
um so yeah i think this is a good idea
let us know
exactly which positions aren't necessary
that's going to be a really good place
to start if you could
maybe do a little facebook groups and
everybody join to let us know the
numbers
in each department that way you know we
don't have to count them ourselves
if you're going to do all of the work
for us add that to your list of stuff
to do what these little stunts
show is that it is still about
protect and serve but you just want to
protect and serve
yourselves anyway it's just a thought
y'all have a good day